{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Task 1
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 \ul \ulc0 Question one: 
\b0 How to increase the size of the button or fit the button in the whole form?
\f1 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Answer one: 
\b0 I managed to do this by searching up for this on google and the result I found was that we can set the button as MAX height and MAX width so button gets bigger in the size and fits the whole form. The piece of code that implemented was btn.setMaxWidth(Double.MAX_VALUE); and btn.setMaxHeight(Double.MAX_VALUE); This piece of code was added under where the text of button was set so as the form loaded after compiling into java file, whole form was covered by the Button saying \'93Hello World\'94. 
\f1 \

\f0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \ul Question two: 
\b0 How to display a message box (stage) in the form?
\f1 \ulnone \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \

\b Answer two: 
\b0 To display a message box we need to make a new stage and a scene so another window can pop up when the button is pressed. Or another possibility is that we can use \'91Vbox\'92 which appears when a button is pressed and a click event will trigger. To use Vbox, we need to import some javafx libraries.
\f1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \ul \

\b Question three: 
\b0 Does the stage automatically resize when the object are added to it?
\f1 \ulnone \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0\b \cf0 Answer three: 
\b0 Yes, it auto resize the form by default.
\f1 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\qc

\f0 \cf0 Task 2
\f1\b0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\qc

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\f0 \cf0 \ul Question one: 
\b0 What happens If this changes \'93launch(args)\'94 to \'93launch(args[0])\'94 ?\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 \ulnone Answer one: 
\b0 In the main method when launch(args[0]) is added the program does not run at all, it throws an exception error because I think it ask for an argument in the command line. \ul \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720

\b \cf0 Question two: 
\b0 When pressing the enter key it does not trigger anything. Why? It is triggered when Space key pressed.\

\b \
\
Question three: 
\f1\b0 \ulnone \
}